How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It made it easier by allowing me to see the what I had changed distinctly from what I had not changed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Because I'd be able to rewind time essentially, when I mess up.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Because I want to have complete, working programs updated and not programs in limbo that dont compile

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because they're projects not just files

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Log shows commits diff shows differences

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because I know I can just go back

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    All my large projects

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    It would make it so that I could see differences in my program over time

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    It’s useful because you can establish breakpoints, or useful stopping points where there is enough change to need to be it’s own entity but not enough that it’s impossible to compare.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
    
    Git allows multi file commits because the files are interdependent on one another whereas in gDrive, the files are generally stand alone.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows the file’s history, git diff shows the file’s differences

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    Because I can see where I broke it and how to fix it!

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    EVERYTHING